Improvements to documentation (#524)
alphagov/smokey: README.md

These are used to verify releases and also to provide Icinga alerts for major
features.

The tests are run against integration, staging and production environments, and are triggered by deployments of most GOV.UK applications, CDNs and associated dependencies (`grep -i "smokey" modules/govuk_jenkins/templates/jobs/*` in the [govuk-puppet repository](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet) for a full list).

## Technical documentation

The smoke tests are based on [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/). We use feature
files to describe single applications (eg
[`whitehall`](https://github.com/alphagov/whitehall),
[`frontend`](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend)) or [cross-application behaviour](features/gov_uk.feature).

### Installation

> Smokey requires Java to be installed, because of its [use of the BrowserMob Proxy](#use-of-browsermob-proxy). [Download Java from the Oracle website](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) (you'll need to create an Oracle account). Note that if you're using the Development VM then Java is already installed.

Reviewer: Can we use OpenJDK instead of Oracle's version? That can be installed using `brew cask install java` without the need for an Oracle account.

Author: Wish I'd known that! 😄 Will update 👍

These are used to verify releases and also to provide Icinga alerts for major
features.

The tests are run against integration, staging and production environments, and are triggered by deployments of most GOV.UK applications, CDNs and associated dependencies (`grep -i "smokey" modules/govuk_jenkins/templates/jobs/*` in the [govuk-puppet repository](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet) for a full list).

## Technical documentation

The smoke tests are based on [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/). We use feature
files to describe single applications (eg
[`whitehall`](https://github.com/alphagov/whitehall),
[`frontend`](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend)) or [cross-application behaviour](features/gov_uk.feature).

### Installation

Smokey requires Java to be installed, because of its [use of the BrowserMob Proxy](#use-of-browsermob-proxy). Note that if you're using the Development VM then Java is already installed.

> If you're not using the VM, [download the Java JDK from the OpenJDK website](https://openjdk.java.net/). Your download will look something like `openjdk-12.0.1_osx-x64_bin.tar.gz`. Untar this file and `sudo mv` it to `/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines`. You should now be able to run `java -version`.

Reviewer: Given our [getting started instructions](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/get-started.html#1-install-some-dependencies) include installing rbenv using Homebrew, I'd suggest including the simple installation via that route. Something like this?

```suggestion
If you're not using the VM, or want to run Smokey on your host Mac, then you have two options:

* If you have Homebrew installed, you can install OpenJDK by using `brew cask install java`.
* If not, [download the Java JDK from the OpenJDK website](https://openjdk.java.net/), which will be a file named something like `openjdk-12.0.1_osx-x64_bin.tar.gz`. Untar this file (`tar zxf [FILE]`) and `sudo mv` it to `/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines`.

Once you've done this, run `java -version` to check the installation has been successful.
```

Author: Agreed, somehow I glossed over your homebrew suggestion - apologies!

[`whitehall`](https://github.com/alphagov/whitehall),
[`frontend`](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend)) or [cross-application behaviour](features/gov_uk.feature).

### Installation

> Smokey requires Java to be installed, because of its [use of the BrowserMob Proxy](#use-of-browsermob-proxy). [Download Java from the Oracle website](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) (you'll need to create an Oracle account).

Reviewer 2: It's probably worth noting that these instructions are for MacOS right? And wouldn't apply if you're doing this within the Ubuntu development-vm?

  * Default: Blank
  * A token used to bypass the default rate limiting.

### HTTP status code failure

A common test failure is `HTTP status code 550 (RestClient::RequestFailed)`. This is a result of the BrowserMob Proxy java process running as part of a previously aborted smokey-loop and the new smoke tests cannot start a new proxy.

> It’s necessary to kill the existing java process (replace process numbers as appropriate).

Reviewer: Use ASCII single quotes for apostrophes, please :)
